README.md, before:

# linux-perf-tools

This repository contains a collection of tools that I am creating to process various performance data collected from a GNU/Linux server, primarily from Sysstat SAR.

Consider this a work in process

---

## Contents
| Directory/File                     | Description                                                    |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------|
| `perf_capture_requirements`        | Contains documentation on how to collect perf data to process  |


## Getting Started

Follow the information in perf_capture_requirements to start pulling the required performance data that these tools will use to generate information from. 

### Disclaimer
This information, scripts and applications are provided as-is for educational and personal use. Use caution when running these scripts and applications. Always review the code before executing.

### License
GNU GPL3 License – see the LICENSE file for details.

### Contributing
This is a personal project, but contributions or suggestions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.

Commit message:

added sar-autoreport-excel utility

README.md, after:

# linux-perf-tools

This repository contains a collection of tools that I am creating to process various performance data collected from a GNU/Linux server, primarily from Sysstat SAR.

Consider this a work in process

---

## Contents
| Directory/File                     | Description                                                      |
|------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `perf_capture_requirements`        | Contains documentation on how to collect perf data to process    |
| `sar-autoreport-excel`             | Visual Studio Project that automatically generates Excel Graphs  |


## Getting Started

Follow the information in perf_capture_requirements to start pulling the required performance data that these tools will use to generate information from. 

### Disclaimer
This information, scripts and applications are provided as-is for educational and personal use. Use caution when running these scripts and applications. Always review the code before executing.

### License
GNU GPL3 License – see the LICENSE file for details.
Any supporting libraries are unmodified and Licensed separately (I will try to include the library names/licenses)

### Contributing
This is a personal project, but contributions or suggestions are welcome! Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.
